Implement Mirrord CLI (#34)
metalbear-co/mirrord: mirrord-cli/README.md

# mirrord-cli
mirrord-cli is the actual binary that users use to run mirrord. The client helps you execute processes with mirrord injected to it.
Right now injection is done using `LD_PRELOAD` on Linux and `DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES` on macOS.

> ## Compatability

Reviewer: Compatibility

### Linux

> `LD_PRELOAD` works only on dynamically linked binaries, so static binaries won't work. Most development use cases are dynamic binaries, so it should be ok.

Reviewer: okay*

We do have plan to support static binaries, so let us know if you encountered a use case that isn't covered.

### macOS

> `DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES` works on "unprotected" binaries, which are most development binaries anyway. To be more specific, such use cases won't work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DYLD_INSERT_LIBRARIES` works on "unprotected" binaries, which are most development binaries anyway. To be more specific, the following use cases won't work:
```

* setuid and/or setgid bits are set
* restricted by entitlements
* restricted segment

[Source](https://theevilbit.github.io/posts/dyld_insert_libraries_dylib_injection_in_macos_osx_deep_dive/)

> Please let us know if you encountered a use case where it doesn't work for you, regardless if documented that it isn't supported, so we know there's demand to implement that use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please let us know if you encountered a use case where it doesn't work for you, regardless of whether it's documented that it isn't supported, so we know there's demand to implement that use case.
```
